Typos and phrasing (#151)
fiskaltrust/faq: qna/DE-delivery-products.md

## Question
When will the ordered products be shipped?

## Question
Are you only delivering on certain days a week?

## Question
Are orders shipped individually or in bulk?

## Question
Which courier service are you using?

## Metadata tags
lang-en, market-de, webshop, PosDealer, PosOperator

## Answer

> Within a few hours after the confirmation of the order. As a general rule, products ordered UNTIL 5:30 pm CET will be shipped on the same day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Products will be shipped within a few hours after the confirmation of the order. As a general rule, products ordered UNTIL 5:30 pm CET will be shipped on the same day.
```

We are shipping from Monday to Friday.

> That depends on the order. We try to package/deliver as efficiently as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The courier service depends on the order. We try to package/deliver as efficiently as possible.
```

Author: So it's not always UPS? In that case we should remove the last sentence.
